Merry Christmas, everybody! Praise the Lord. Day 64. I have Diana here with me today, and we just wanted to come on today and tell you all Merry Christmas.
We love you all so much. Thank you for your support. We appreciate all of you coming out every day to these videos to pray with us and intercede for the nations.
Your support and love are so appreciated—praying for my daughter, for our family, and for me.
The emails have been so kind lately, and I love the people sending earmuffs for Megan for the sound.
A lot of times she won't wear those because she doesn't like things on her head, but we're getting there.
We're just believing God she's going to be completely healed in 2024.
We're closing this thing out, believing for the complete manifestation of Megan.
She holds her ears like that throughout the day. For all of you who are so considerate, I know you're doing it out of love.
It's just a habit, I think. Of course, the earmuffs are so nice, so we're going to try them.
Sometimes you wonder if it was just the brand that she hasn't liked in the past, so she'll wear them for short periods.
Thank you all for helping my Megan out. What a blessing! So many people reaching out and trying to help.
I just wanted to say thank you that you care. There are just a lot of kind, wonderful people on here with such great hearts.
Thank you. I believe the best is yet to come. 2025 is coming and I'm anticipating great things.
We want to show you this real quick. My wife went to the grocery store and got this cake.
It's green, so I don't want it to disappear behind the green screen, but it says 'Happy Birthday Jesus.'We try every year to throw Jesus a birthday party with brownies or cookies, and this year Diana found a 'Happy Birthday Jesus'cake from the grocery store.
It even has a manger on it. We'll sing happy birthday to Him as a family and do a full-blown birthday party for Him.
He is our Lord and Savior. We wanted to come on and tell you all a very Merry Christmas.
We're going to take communion with you, so if you want to get your communion ready, we're going to lift up the name of Jesus.
Let's lift up the body. His body was broken and beaten for all our transgressions and iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripes, you're healed.
In this Christmas season, it's even more of a gift to believe for your divine healing and to believe that everything broken in your body has been healed and made whole by His stripes.
No matter what it is, nothing's too big and nothing's too small. Jesus paid the price for it all.
According to Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, and the curse of the law is everything in Deuteronomy 28.
I believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and that all things are possible to him who believes.
This beautiful Christmas day, where all the gifts are being poured out on loved ones, Jesus gave the gift of His life.
He came as a child born in a manger and wrapped in swaddling clothes as a gift for humanity.
He died for every single one of us so that we don't have to have all the bondage of this earth. He came to set the captives free.
The angels sang, 'Glory to God in the highest, peace on earth, goodwill to men.'Hallelujah, because of what He did on this very special day, Jesus paid the price.
He lived 33 years and died on the cross after He was born. Oh, what a plan!
What an amazing God we serve. He came to set the captives free and gave the ultimate sacrifice.
Thank you, Father, for giving Your Son. Thank you, Lord, for this body that was broken and beaten for us.
Thank you for communion, that we are joint-heirs with You and we're able to be seated with You in the heavenlies, far above all principalities, powers, and might.
We have dominion and authority over all satanic agendas. Father, I thank You that You said nothing shall by any means hurt us.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus and we say, 'Happy Birthday, Jesus.'Thank You for this communion and for what You did for us.
Thank You for coming to this earth as a baby. We don't have to be bound by sickness anymore.
Now, Lord, we thank You for the blood. You said it was the cleansing flow that washed us as white as snow.
It took care of all that sin and You made us spotless before You.
Father, we thank You for that beautiful blood that flowed on Calvary's tree.
It flowed down and cleansed Diana and me, and it cleansed every single one of you. We're so grateful for Your life and Your blood.
We thank You, Lord, that as we confess our sins, You are faithful and just to forgive us and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
He's written our names in the Lamb's Book of Life. It's Your blood that sets us free.
By the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony, we take this blood in the name of Jesus.
We give You praise, Father, for Your presence and the anointing of the Holy Spirit.
We love You and we magnify You. Happy birthday to You, dear Jesus!
One day we'll celebrate His birthday with Him in person; I look forward to that.
We honor the Lord today. Thank You for all You've done for us this year.
Thank You for President Trump and the new administration coming in, giving us another opportunity and a season of grace.
Sister Billye talked about the gifts being distributed on the 25th, and we believe something supernatural has happened today.
We pray you felt His presence in your house today as you're spending time with your loved ones.
Maybe you're alone, but you are not alone because we are with you. If you don't have any family, we are your family.
Diana, Braden, and I are loving on you through the camera, telling you that you've got what it takes. Jesus has a plan for your life.
You may feel alone in the natural, but there's somebody in a little house in Oklahoma believing God with you.
2025 is going to be an amazing year for you. Like we always say, Diana, put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
There are good days ahead for the body of Christ. We had a lady send us a letter.
She is alone, her husband has passed, and her little canary passed away recently.
She's having a hard time, and her letter was so touching. There are so many people going through so much right now.
Even the loss of a little bird matters; she wanted to know if it would be in heaven because she misses her friend.
I promised I wasn't going to cry, but it really touched me. William Branham talked about this before he went home to be with the Lord. Sister Billye told us this story.
If an animal was precious to you on this earth, God has so much compassion and love for us that those animals are waiting for you in heaven.
The Lord showed William Branham that those animals, even during the Rapture, are so important to you that they are going to be taken too.
He gives you the desires of your heart, and if it's your desire to have your pet with you, the Lord's going to see to it.
He cares about the smallest details in your life. He has it all figured out.
I believe the little parakeets, sparrows, and even a little 'Peanut the pocket squirrel'like Bob Ross used to carry—God cares about them.
I'll never forget when my dog died when I was Braden's age. It meant so much to me and hurt so bad at the time, but I gave it over to the Lord.
When I heard the testimony from Billye while we were sitting around the table talking about the Rapture, we were all rejoicing over the fact that soon and very soon, we're about to go see the King.
Our loved ones and our loved animals are going to come right alongside us.
William Branham saw many amazing things before he went to be with the Lord.
He even saw egg-shaped cars in the 1940s and 50s that were driving themselves, like Teslas.
He said when Jesus comes back, what the Lord showed him in that vision is that a woman would be running the White House.
Everybody thought it was Kamala Harris he was seeing, but it wasn't time yet.
Who's coming in 2028? I don't know, but it would be neat if that vision lines up.
God has a plan for everything. He wants you to be filled with joy, not dread or anxiety.
We are looking up, for our redemption is drawing nigh, folks.
In 2025, we're not just going to survive; we're going to thrive.
In 2024, the Lord told me I would soar and there would be a great open door, and it has been exactly that.
We have gone from glory to glory this year. I'm believing 2025 will be a supernatural year of God's provision.
Heaven on Earth! I'm believing for healings, demonstrations, and manifestations.
There's going to be a great harvest of souls. I want to give you all hope to get excited about the days ahead.
We pray this video blessed you. We thank You, Lord, for healing, wholeness, and wellness over every household.
We pray they'll hear Your voice concerning investments. The Holy Spirit will lead and guide you into all things.
You're going to know them by their fruit, and you're not going to be led astray in these last days.
I pray for discernment over your minds today, that the inward voice of the Holy Spirit would be so loud.
You'll know exactly what to do. You're free from addictions, from cigarettes and alcohol to gambling, pornography, and lust.
You are bound no more by those demonic strongholds. You're not bound by depression or anxiety.
We believe for promotions, raises, bonuses, and growth in businesses.
We believe every seed you sowed in 2024, you're going to reap in 2025 exceedingly and abundantly.
Thank You, Father, for children and for marriages being restored.
We pray over President Trump as he has a beautiful Christmas.
We thank You that no more wars are caused while the current administration is in the White House.
We call peace over Russia and the Ukraine deal and over our southern borders.
2025 will be an amazing year. If you're new here, please subscribe and click that notification bell.
We're creating a Vietnam channel, a Chinese channel, a South Korean channel, a Russian channel, and a Philippines channel.
We're doing it by the grace of God and through your support. The links are in the description.
Asia is going to catch on fire for Jesus! Tomorrow is Diana's birthday, the 26th.
It always made her feel special being so close to Jesus's birthday.
She's still young at heart. We've made it through a lot, and we keep going.
God is good. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. Merry Christmas!